HOME

Myanmar Sino-Fortune Real Estate Development Co., Ltd is a branch of Xin Yu Sino-fortune Real Estate Co., Ltd registered in 2022, focusing on commercial real estate development and operation in Myanmar, and committed to becoming a quality life operator in the local area. Leveraging the strong background of Sino-fortune Group, the outstanding brand strength, innovative products and quality services of the parent company, it develops projects in Myanmar with the vision of urban operation.
So far, it has developed four major projects in Myanmar:
Yangon Magical World Project      :   Successfully completed and operational.
Yangon Union City Project              : currently design review by government authority
Yangon Sirpotha Project                 : Currently under design stage
Yangon Race Course Project          : Currently design review by government authority

Following the parent company's concept of resource-saving and environment-friendly real estate, Myanmar Sino-Fortune Real Estate Co., Ltd is striving to become a prominent commercial real estate force in Myanmar, promoting local urban development and quality life upgrading through high-quality project development. We're willing to rely on the "One Belt, One Road" Initiative proposed by the Chinese Government and the great strategy of "Created in China" and "Technology Going Global", and make positive contributions to helping Myanmar build a better future with more advanced infrastructure and high-quality real estate projects.



OUR COMPANIES

New World Development Co., Ltd.                                                  Union City Development Co., Ltd.    


     




Sir Potha Development Co.,Ltd.                                Race Course Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.










ACTIVITIES
***to be uploaded photo.

CONTACT

ADDRESS-YANKIN ROAD, BLOCK 4-25-02, GOLDEN CITY CONDOMINIUM YANKIN TOWNSHIP, YANGON REGION, MYANMAR  
Email Address: 1142242799@qq.com 
Telephone Number: 09261785821















(1)New World Development Co., Ltd.
Home-
About us-

Magical World Project
Located in the city center of Lanmadaw Township, Yangon, Myanmar. The project covers an area of 5.906 acres, and its total construction area is 79,972.52 square meters. With the total investment of 85 Million USD. The project comprises five buildings with two compound basement floors, including: an 11-story Hotel & Service apartment building and four 12-story Residential buildings, Boasting comprehensive and high-quality infrastructure. The project has been fully completed and is now normal operation.
Our Companies- company ၄ ခု logo နှင့် နာမည် ပြန်ထည့်ရန်။
Contact-
Address- MIN YE KYAW SWAR ROAD, NO. 29, LANMADAW TOWNSHIP, YANGON REGION, MYANMAR, 
Phone number- 09261785821, 
Email- 1142242799@QQ.COM











(2)Union City Development Co., Ltd.
Home – 
About us 
Union City Development Co., Ltd, a joint venture company formed by Myanmar Sino-Fortune Real Estate Development Co., Ltd, a Chinese investor, and Ayeyarwaddy Resorts & Lodges Co., Ltd, a local Myanmar enterprise. This is not only a powerful testament to the going global of Chinese manufacturing technology, but also a vivid practice of the China-Myanmar friendship in the field of economic and trade cooperation. Through the integration of resources and complementary advantages of the two sides, it promotes technological exchanges, talent exchanges, and industrial coordinated development between the two countries, and also makes it possible for the project to achieve high-quality and sustainable development.
Union City Project
Spanning an impressive 21.9 acres (88,815.39 square meters), the Union City Project encompasses a vast total construction area of 587,121.79 square meters. With a substantial total investment amount of 439.835 million USD poured into its development, the project is composed of 13 Buildings, including a 10 story hotel, an 8-story shopping mall, and 11 residential buildings. Among the residential units, three buildings stand 13 stories tall, while the remaining eight are 12 stories high.
Additionally, the project features a two-level compound basement, providing sufficient space for parking and other amenities.
Project is located at the intersection of Pyay Road, Manaw Hari Street, Pyidaung Zu Yeikthar Street and Myoma Kyaung Street, Pyidaung Zu Yeikthar Compound in Dagon Township, Yangon. It enjoys a superior geographical location, situated in the core commercial and embassy area of Yangon, with complete infrastructure and convenient transportation. The project has remarkable locational advantages: it is only 1 kilometer in a straight line away from the iconic Shwedagon Pagoda in Yangon; directly opposite the project are the Yangon Region Government and People's Park; and 400 meters south of the project is the National Museum of Myanmar. With this strategic location, people can easily reach these famous landmarks in Myanmar, greatly enhancing the attractiveness and popularity of the project itself.
Our companies
-  company ၄ခု နာမည် နှင့် logoပြန်ထည့်ရန်။
Contact
Address- Pyay Road, between Manaw Hari St and Pyihtaungsu YeikTha St, Dagon Township,           Yangon Region, Myanmar.
Phone number- 09261785821
Email- unioncitydevelopment2024@gmail.com







(3)Sirpotha Development Co., Ltd.
Home-    --------------------------------------------
About us-   --------------------------------------------
Sir Potha Project
Contact
Address-   KHA YAY PIN STREET, NO.29, LANMADAW TOWNSHIP, YANGON REGION, MYANMAR
Phone number- 09261785821
Email- sirpothadevelopment2026@gmail.com